welcome back to horror recaps today i
will be showing you a horror slash
thriller film from 2017 titled death
note
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
at the beginning of the movie light
turner a high school student in seattle
washington
is seen solving some quiz questions in
exchange for money as the other students
play football
suddenly a storm hits the place followed
by heavy rain and a book comes
plummeting down into the ground
beside light the words death note is
written on the front cover
he picks it up before running into the
campus to save himself from the rain
on the way he sees someone bullying his
two friends and confronts them
he taunts the boy but receives a heavy
punch in return and is knocked out
unconscious
the principal finds out that he has been
doing homework for 15 of his friends and
asks for clarification
light argues that his injured face is a
more important topic to discuss but
upon retaliation he is sent to detention
for two weeks
while in detention he takes out the book
that had dropped beside him and starts
reading
the first rule in the book states that
the human whose name is written in the
note shall die
the second rule states that the note
won't take effect unless the writer has
the person's face in their mind while
writing his slasher name
as he turns the pages the lights
suddenly go out and he sees an
eerie-like figure in the room
light panics and tries to run out of
shock and desperation but the door
closes itself and everything in the room
starts flying
it turns out that the figure that light
is trying to run away from actually is
the death god
ryuk light then finds out that the
leathered book that he found is no
ordinary book but as the death note ryu
convinces light to write the name of
kenny doyle
who is bullying a girl outside and asks
him to also write how he wants him dead
light writes kenny doyle in a
decapitation in the book and watches in
anticipation
immediately a series of events take
place outside which starts from a lady's
grocery bag ripping and
ends up in kenny's head getting
decapitated by a ladder
ryuk laughs maniacally as light is in
utter shock
ryuk leaves the scene after telling
light that he can use the note if he is
brave enough
and if not he can keep the note separate
from himself for seven days until ryuk
finds a new owner
cut to the next scene and light argues
with his dad james
on how even after being a cop his dad is
letting anthony scomall
the perpetrator of light's mother's
death roam around freely
ryuk comes into light's room again and
explains to him how it is possible to
even control the person for two days
before killing him
ryu continues by saying that each death
must be physically possible
light writes anthony skomal in the note
and sees his picture in a newspaper to
memorize it
the next day he gets the news from his
dad that anthony had died after impaling
himself with a stake knife in yet
another freak accident
the father and the son atoned for the
argument that they had last night
light is reading the book and mia his
secret crush joins him to talk about
kenny's accident
mia insists on reading the book that
light has with him
as soon as she reads it ryuk appears and
light tells mia to turn behind
it turns out that mia can't see him as
ryuk is visible only to the keeper of
the book
light explains to me about the book but
she does not believe it
light tries to prove it to her and
demonstrates the mystical power of the
book by writing the name of a criminal
who was keeping a girl hostage
as soon as he writes his name the
criminal is run over by a police van and
is killed
mia is impressed and discusses with
light that both of them now can control
the world
light and me are into each other and are
talking about how they can solve all the
crimes in the world by killing all the
bad guys
light thinks of the name kira which
translates to light in russian and
celtic and killer in japanese
they plan to use this name to carry out
the killings mia thinks that people can
trace the origins back to light himself
but he is confident that this will not
happen the television reports how
several prison inmates across six
different continents have died and how
the investigators are trying to figure
out the name kira written in perfect
japanese that the victims had left
behind
kira goes on a killing spree leaving
several criminals
terrorists and drug cartels dead kira's
impact grows large as news of several
wanted criminals surrendering themselves
over the fears of kira is now
circulating everywhere
the people and police both also start
supporting kira because of this
detective l is a mysterious and popular
japanese detective
who conceals half his face with a mask
is drawn by the killings and he believes
that the suspect is actually from
seattle he also indirectly concludes
that the suspect can only kill the
victims by knowing their faces and name
l holds talks with james and tells him
that the suspect has access to the
police database and he can help him find
kira
james suspects that kira is someone from
inside the police department
elle holds a press conference and
reveals to the media that kira is not an
omnipotent force and is rather a person
l also announces that he only kills
those convicts whose names have come out
in the media and declares that he is
surely a student and that he is coming
after him
l antagonizes kira as he believes that
he needs a name and a face to kill a
person and for that very reason he
cannot kill l james is not amused at l
stunt
light is under the suspicion of l and is
being followed mia suggests writing the
name of the agent who is following them
in the book but light refuses it because
he thinks that it would make him even
more suspicious
ryuk who seems to follow light
everywhere supports me as thoughts
mia is somewhat angry at light for not
punishing the evil people as they have
stopped writing names for a few days
mysteriously 12 fbi agents who were
investigating the case commit mass
suicide by jumping off a tall building
together
light suspects reviewed to be behind
this james condemns the killings and
announces on television that kira is
nothing but a self-obsessed criminal who
is not worthy of all the attention he is
receiving
mia and light watch this on tv and mia
is about to write jaime's name on the
book
light takes the book away from her hand
and tells her that she should leave him
and that ryuk has turned both of them
into maniacs
light even confronts ryuk and warns him
that he will write his name on the book
and he will not hand the book over to
anyone
ryuk laughs and tells him to try l in
his investigation room
is certain that light is kira light is
at one of the restaurants and suddenly
el comes face to face with him al shows
him his face and tells him that he was
very brave to not kill his father
light accepts but argues by saying that
it is a much more complicated case than
what elle thinks
mia is waiting for light to arrive and
wants to make amends for the other day
light tells her that he now has elle's
face and that he just needs his name so
that he can kill him
light uses the death note and controls
al's associate watari
and orders him to get elle's real name
he plans on getting the name and burning
the page which has his name to spare him
from death
ryuk reveals that light can only spare a
person once in that fashion
hypnotized watari wakes up from his
sleep and says that he doesn't know of
l's real name but tells that l was an
orphan and that his information would be
found in his birth city of montauk
new york light then orders him to find
the name before 48 hours to which rotary
obliges
watari's absence troubles al and he goes
to light's house to find out the truth
l reveals to james that light is kira
but james does not believe it
l even threatens light that if anything
happens to atari things will end badly
for him
al has a search warrant and the officers
ransack lights home
the notebook however is sneaked out by
mia before they find it out
light and mia are at the school dance
party to hide from the surveilling
police officers
light enters an isolated area and calls
[ __ ] to ask about elle's information
watari says that he is almost there and
that he needs a bit more time
light tells him that they didn't have
time and when he turns the book to burn
the page with watari's name
he finds it torn off he tells rotary to
run but it's too late as he is shot dead
by two police officers
light seems outraged at ryuk light talks
to mia about it and finds out that it
was mia who had torn off watari's page
and made the police officers commit
suicide
he also finds out that mia always wanted
to be the keeper of the book and that
she had written like turner's name on
the book
she then offers to burn his page if he
turns the notebook over to her
light hurriedly reaches for the book and
writes something on it
he is pursued by police officers but he
runs away
meanwhile elle learns of watari's death
and becomes unstable
leaving on a personal manhunt against
light while james orders l to be
detained
l chases light all the way through and
captures him as light is about to
explain to him about how the book works
l is hit by akira follower and light
runs away with his gun
light meets mia in the giant wheel and
takes it to the top
mia asks for the book but light tells
her that if she loves him
she should not take the book it is
revealed that light had written me his
name on the book because he was upset
that she wrote his
ryu collapses the wheel and light holds
on to mia as a large crowd watches in
horror
after a long struggle mia falls to the
ground while light falls onto the water
mia is dead but light survives the page
that had light turner heart stops
beating at midnight written on it
traverses through the air and burns as l
watches
l is told by his senior at the fbi
regarding the deaths of four new people
while light is still in coma
they believe that light is not kira and
that else calculations have cost the
many officers
meanwhile we see a man drop the death
note on light's bed as he is in a coma
elsewhere a distraught l is about to
head off to japan
just before taking off he remembers
something important and quickly gets off
the plane
light is seen in a hospital bed
remembering his moments with mia with
the death note in his laps
james enters the room and is seemingly
sad he shows like the newspaper cut out
with anthony scolm's news on it saying
that it had gone missing from his safe
and he finally knows that his son was
cura all along
he then tells his dad about how he
planned everything on the night of the
jail incident
he had used the death note to hypnotize
a criminally charged doctor to rescue
him and put him in a two-day coma while
having another criminal retrieve the
death note and continue kira's killing
before handing it to light
this way the police would rule out light
of being kira
light continued by explaining how he had
planned me as death all along and how
his page was meant to be torn off and
burnt
saving his life meanwhile detective l
storms into mia's house and searches for
clues
he looks for a calculus book and inside
there he finds a page from the death
note with names of the dead police
agents
l with shaking hands writes someone's
name on it
while james and light have a
conversation reich hysterically laughs
at light and upon being asked why he was
laughing
he replies you humans are so interesting
the movie ends
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching
[Music]
you